Date 23rd March 2017
Create an array, store the values in array with Scannner class and display the elements in the array on the console.
Create objects of the class and call a method that return a value and display the value returned. 
Create two classes and call the methods of other classs.


Date 24/3/2017: Weekend Assignment
Create an method Myarray() that take arry as input parameter, MyArray () increase the value of each element of the array to 3, return the updated value and print the update array in the main method.
Find the largest in the array elements with the index of the largest element.
Sort the elements of the array in ascending order. 
Find the frequency of each digit in the mobile number. 

Dat 28/3/2017
1.Find the factorial of the number 
2. Print the fibnaci series
3. Print the series of square of natural numbers 
4. Print series of Odd number
5. Print series of the prime number 
6. Experiment the two dimensional array, Add values to the array from the user through keyboard and print the values on console. 
7. Find the if the number say 67 exist in the array give the row and column number if the elemnt is found in the array. 

Date 29/3/2017
1. WAP To display row-wise sum of matrix of size m x n
2. Write a program to add two array A and B of size m x n.
3. Write a  program to find reverse of an array.
4. Write a  program to print sum of diagonals of a matrix.
5. WAP to print sum of square of natural numbers upto N numbers. 

3/4/17
1. WAP to reverse a String without using the Reverse method.
2. WAP to print "Hello Java" as " Avaj OlleH"
3. WAP to print "Hello Java" as "Java Hello". 
2. Wap to find that a word exist in the String or not. 

4/4/17
1. WAP to store details of the five student as Name, Rollno, marks, collegename. 
        -Create a method to add the student detail.
        -Create a method that disply thr record of the each student.
        - Calulateand print the percentagee of the student.
        - The user should be able to identify each student uniquely.
        - Practicse this using static, local and instance variables.
 
 5/4/17
 1. Practicse Constructor and this keyword on the above program.
 2. Kindly upload the assignment in the folder as we discussed in class today. 
 
 6/4/17
 1. Create two packages in your project and create class in each of the package. 
 2. Practicse to call a method that is present in class of different package.
 3. Analyse the use of import and package keyword. 
 4. Brainstorm about the kind of packages should be there in the project tha you are working like placement Cell, Bug tracking tool or e-commerce. 

10/4/17
1. Practicse Access specifier for methods, constructor and variables. 
2. Identify the uses of these access specifier for the methods, constructor and variables. 

12/4/17
1. WAP to simulate polymorphism 
                1. using different number of formal parameter.
                2. using different data types of formal parameter but same number of formal parameter.
                3. using same datatypes and same number of formal parameters but order is different.
2. Immplement the concept of final on method, variable and class. 

14/4/17
1. Cretae interface and override its methods in its child class.
2. Create abstract class and ovveride its methods in its child class.
3. Can a child class have multiple immediate parents?
4. Can you create object of abstract class?
5. Can you create non abstract method in interface?
6. Revise Java introduction and its feature for the Oral Test to be taken by tommorrow. 

24/4/17
Why do we need collections in Java?
What are the important interfaces in the collection hierarchy?
What are the important methods that are declared in the collection interface?
Explain about ArrayList with an example?
Can an ArrayList have duplicate elements?
How do you iterate around an ArrayList using iterator?
How do you sort an ArrayList?
How do you sort elements in an ArrayList using comparable interface?
How do you sort elements in an ArrayList using comparator interface?
What is vector class? How is it different from an ArrayList?
What is linkedList? What interfaces does it implement? How is it different from an ArrayList?
Can you briefly explain about the Set interface?
What is a HashSet?
Which Package has Collection Classes?
Which Package has Comparator Interface and Comparable Interface? 
What is the parent class of Collection interface?


24/4/17
What is File Class?
What type of streaming is available in Java? 
WAP to simulate byte streaming in file? 
WAP to simulate character streaming in Java? 
WAP to simulate Object serialiaztion and Deserialization in Java?
